Were you successful.
Let's implement together.
I want to register a root for a slash user slash colon you I.D. to have that dynamic you I.D. segment.
Then we have the default middleware function with request response and next.
And in that function I now want to get the user I.D. and then find the place where the creator has that
user I.D..
So here a user I.D. is of course request persons you I.D. and my place then is again found with the
help of defined method where we have does function we pass to find and return p dot creator equal to
user I.D..
If the Creator property in a place holster user I.D. that's part of the U R L it's the place which I
want to find.
So thereafter I can return that place here in my response.
So the logic is very similar to the logic we had up there of course.
The only difference is that now we're searching for the user I.D. If we now test this and we search
for a user you one.
We do find a place where the creator is you one.
If I search for you too.
Then we get no place if we try that other route from before again with p 1.
That of course also still works.
So we got these working routes registered here now one for a place idea and one for our user.
Now one important note if we enter just slash user here we of course find no place that all is not a
valid route.
But why do we actually get back this empty object instead of an error as we would for example get it
if I search for Slash place instead of slash places.
Then we get this cannot get error which basically means no route is defined.
Why do we not get this if I search for Slash user.
Well that's a little gotcha we have here the order of routes matters.
This first route handles all requests which start with Slash API slash places and then have any value
because here we handle any value and we store it as a place.
This route handles all requests which start with Slash API slash places slash user slash.
Any value.
The problem is if we enter just slash user this is the any value which is interpreted here as a place.
I.D..
Now when we add more for example user you 1 express correctly identifies that we don't want to make
it in here but that we have a more specific route down there for Slash users slash more.
But if we only have slash user like this Express does not find that this is an undefined route.
Instead it makes it in here because while here we do handle any arbitrary value after slash API slash
places and that's just something to be aware of.
That of course this handles all values even if they're not valid I.D. Now it's not a huge problem because
we simply don't find a place for user which is interpret that as I do here.
It's just important for you to memorize that order can matter here as well.
If you for example had a slash user route you want to handle like this which we don't need here.
But if you had that you would have to move it in front of this route so that this does not already consume
this user value as an I.D..
Here it does not matter because here we have one extra segment which makes this route more specific
and a different route than this one.
But if you had slash one value only like Slash user you would have to switch order here to make sure
that this route does actually reach and this route doesn't consume it in advance.
That's just little gotcha to be aware of.
It's not a problem here in our app because of the way we structure our routes and because of the paths
we're working with but it might be a problem in our apps.
Which is why I want to highlight it with that however we got our two main routes implemented here.
Our two main get routes and we're able to get places by their I.D. or by the idea of their creator which
is a nice step the for we now work on our routes.
Let's actually handle errors in a bit of a better way.